TASK ONE : Program Scenario
    Some key indicators for Verizon's top rated cloud computing engineers (CCEs):
        Coding (pre-requisite skill)
        Agility (learn as you work skill)
        Networking and communication (learn as you work skill)
            Internal
            External
    Meeting Notes:
        Sasha:
            New Priority Project
            Our new enterprise VPN solution backed by Squid proxy servers
            Support both Verizon internal employees and external customers for their secured connection to the Verizon Cloud Platform

        Project requirements:
            VPN service is 
                Always up and running
                Resilient to faulty components and can automatically recover from partial infrastructure failure with minimal human intervention
            Application can scale up and down in reaction to the amount of traffic (reduce cost)


        Tasks:
            Work closely with the product team
            Getting acquainted with the new product as to be able to develop effective test cases and scenarios.
            Responsible for
                Creating and maintaining the test environment, frameworks, and tools
                Evaluating potential third-party testing and automation tools fit for integration
                The processing, tracking, and escalating of test results.
            Testing includes necessary manual interference and automation.
                Testing criteria are dependent upon the stage of development
                Test results will be submitted to the development team for review and turn into change requests and bug reports after each sprint.
    Quiz:
        A VPN has many characteristics to enhance the security of cloud platforms, including but not limited to: mitigating public network vulknerabilities, providing access control, and identity protection.


TASK TWO : Understanding the Characteristics of Cloud-Native Applications
    PART ONE - Sprint Meeting
    PART TWO - Getting Set Up
    PART THREE - What Are The Three Cloud-Native Traits In Question?
        Redundancy
            Kill an instance (VM or container) of the app while it's running and || check if the app continues to work and provide service ||.
                This is to test that the system is stable enough for parts of its underlying resources to fail and not affect up time.
        Resiliency
            Kill an instance (VM or container) of the app while it's running and || check if the instance restarts/recovers with no human intervention, and continues to provide service ||. 
                This is to test the ability of the system to recover from failures and continue to function with minimal interaction.
        Least-Privilege
            Check that the app is not using admin or root level access.
                This is to ensure that the application is secure enough so that should there be a security breach it will likely be limited due to the restricted access and permission of the user running the external facing application.
    PART FOUR - Now Let's Run The Python Test Program
        PART FOUR.ONE - Redundancy Test
            Quiz
                For the application service to be up and running, it requires at least one pod to be running.
                    If the last pod in the application is killed, the application will experience downtime between the pod terminating and when it is brought back up.
        PART FOUR.THREE - Resilience Test
            Quiz   
                The total number of running pods will remain the same because the application is resilient enough to re-deploy a downed pod quickly and automatically.
        PART FOUR.FIVE - Least-Privilege Test
            Quiz
                Root is the super admin user with full permission.
                    Instead of the root user, there should be a dedicated service user (e.g., squid) that has just enough privilege to run the squid proxy VPN application and nothing else.
    PART FIVE - Wrapping Up


TASK THREE : Cloud-Based Application Security
    Tip to stand out
        It's not about what skills do you know.
        People who have the aptitude, who have the curiosity to learn, who are very much interested.
            I.e., passionate people
        If you can talk about passion in your application and be ready to talk about your passion in interviews.
            Demonstrate passion about specific technical interests, talk about some tough problems you're working on, approaches.
        Don't expect to know everything
        Explain your thought process.
    Evaluating the application's security measures is critical in ensuring that the cloud application is reinforced against malicious attacks once it goes live.
        Since the application involves authentication and user credentials it is important that we fully vet its potential vulnerabilities and preemptively implement security measures.
    Your research target
        Security is crucial for cloud-based applications because cloud computing involves storing, processing, and transmitting data over the internet, which creates additional security risks.
            Cloud-based applications can be accessed from anywhere in the world, making it easier for cyber criminals to launch attacks.
            Key terms:
                Network Security: involves protecting an organization's computer networks and network-connected devices from unauthorized access, cyber attacks, and data breaches.
                Application Security: involves protecting an organization's applications from cyber attacks and data breaches.
                Data Security: involves protecting an organization's data from unauthorized access, theft, or corruption.
    How is research valuable to a CCE?
        Some ways that research can be valuable for a CCE:
            Keeping up with emerging technologies
            Improving cloud architecture and design
            Enhancing cloud security
            Evaluating cloud service providers
            Advancing the field of cloud computing
    What does good research look like?
        Rules of thumb for performing quality research:
            Being able to find relevant information targeting your research, knowing what to look for and where to look for it is sometimes 80% of the work.
            Being able to cross-check facts and not base your solution on a single source (such as the top Google result), even if it is exactly what you're looking for sometimes.
            Being able to sift through the masive amount of information (or the lack of it), compile information relevant to your research topic and present it in a clear and succinct format.
    Quiz:
        Effective approach to apply firewall rules:
            Configure the firewall rules to block certain traffic to approach the application
            Configure the firewall rules to only allow certain validated traffic to approach the application
        Effective approach to apply traffic encryption:
            Cloud encryption is a data security process in which plaintext data is encoded into unreadable ciphertext to help keep it secure in or between cloud environments.
            There are two states of traffic encryption: data in transit and data at rest. Data in both states need to be protected at all times.
            Data in transit is encrypted by requiring SSL/TLS protocols for network traffic.
            Encrypting stored data protects virtual devices or files against unauthorized access either from external network penetration, rogue internal users, or accidental releases.
        Effective approach to avoid DDoS attack?
            Configure load balancer.
            Use the domain name system (DNS) to direct inbound traffic through a scrubbing center prior to delivery to the server.
            Implement segmentation of internal to external networks and of any network containing critical systems.


TASK FOUR : Recap
    Put this in the resume and highlight what you gain from this program.
    It's important to show your thought process, how you approach problems, and how you think with curiosity or outside the box.
    Passionate people 
    Quiz:
        Three layers of security:
            Data, Application, Network